the guitar is an instrument of origin medium
especially in Brazil and has
this thing from
the mma guitar movement in Brazil
had a great evolution
I think it's a very long period.
fascinating the finals are discovering
many aspects of musical art that
were hiding there I think it was
very well this one and it was created and menton pilau
this is already very famous
very lucid very well known
practically who is the same time
tendency is just to grow and there are a lot of people
since he knows of the existence of this project
and has expressed interest in acquiring the
personal ticket
3rd council plus power as well as base
choose great instrumentalists with
different repertoires will make ten
years in 2013 and for him the
Brazilian beetles and some more
ge's portfolio is also not night
will present a little milan program
lyon in Brazil as top - level or
if you are an author and if there is a doctor of the lord
wind to be the music mixed with logo
when the popular is canteen music
Brazilian music
It's a great revival now for example.
in the beginnings of the cry and master of
nazareth
waldir azevedo jacob do mandolin
I work in Brazilian popular music
Another focus formula 1 in which more
used
I'm going to play a composition of my call.
slavery which is a composition that
explores different guitar tunings
each of her movements a tuning
different so I see huge pleasure
share in a move that in
other years and stronger and share
show me music
is
paulo invited to whoever exercises
solo participation
in fact I am very grateful to him for
that the caliber of the guitarists in
untouched in this series
it's no small deal
participating with great names in this
series is really a huge privilege
It's an honor because it's a project that
grew and today is surely the
best series of guitar concerts in
Brazil studies the end of the concert 10 years
which originated the guitar movement too much
the two audi power i have in the library
municipal of araraquara
At that moment the globe is fantastic .
bring so many people into this world that
small but it's huge
the congratulations